Document how to start Synapse with Poetry (#14892)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/workers.md

[Systemd with Workers](systemd-with-workers/). To use `synctl`, see
[Using synctl with Workers](synctl_workers.md).

## Start Synapse with Poetry

> You can start Synapse with Poetry by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following applies to Synapse installations that have been installed from source using `poetry`.

You can start the main Synapse process with Poetry by running the following command:
```

> You can start the Synapse with Poetry via running following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can start Synapse with Poetry by running the following command:
```

```console
poetry run synapse_homeserver -c [your homeserver.yaml]
```

> In case of workers, you can run following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For worker setups, you can run the following command
```
